README.md, before:

﻿OPS-FOO
=======

What is ops-foo?
----------------
<!--- description of the repo>
ops-foo is a module that is responsible for a protocol foo in [OpenSwitch](http://www.openswitch.net) project.  
ops-foo is heavily based on project [bar](http://bar.net) and will be frequently upstreaming its changes to the parent project.

What is the structure of the repository?
----------------------------------------
<!-- explain what user is supposed to know about the repo structure>
* tests/ contains all the component tests of ops-foo based on [ops-test-framework](http://git.openswitch.net/openswitch/ops-test-framework)
* configs/ contains all the example YAML files required by ops-foo
* bar/ contains the modified parent project sources

What is the license?
--------------------
Being heavily based on project bar, ops-foo inherits its Apache 2.0 license. For more details refer to [COPYING](COPYING)

What other documents are available?
-----------------------------------
<!--- Add links to any documentation that exists in the repository>
For the high level design of ops-foo, refer to [DESIGN.md](DESIGN.md)
For answers to common questions, read [FAQ.md](FAQ.md)
For the current list of contributors and maintainers, refer to [AUTHORS.md](AUTHORS.md)

For general information about OpenSwitch project refer to http://www.openswitch.net

Commit message:

Initial drafts of component design and README for restapi module. Review comments incorporated.
Change-Id: I6bf0370657ed5e5365febfe9ece5a76594f4498a
Signed-off-by: Joshua Zhao <xinhua.zhao@hp.com>

README.md, after:

OPS-RESTAPI
===========

What is ops-restapi?
----------------
The ops-restapi module is responsible for rendering REST API documentation in the [OpenSwitch](http://www.openswitch.net) project.

The ops-restapi is mostly a clone of project [Swagger-UI](http://swagger.io) with the following exceptions:

- Customization for API data file;
- Customization in style for site compliance.

What is the structure of the repository?
----------------------------------------
For a description of the directory and file structure of the module, refer to the documentation provided by [Swagger-UI](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/tree/master/dist).

The generated REST API documentation file named ops-restapi.json is saved to the top level directory.

What is the license?
--------------------
Being a clone of project Swagger-UI, ops-restapi inherits its Apache 2.0 license. For more details refer to [apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

What other documents are available?
-----------------------------------
For the high level design of ops-restapi, refer to [REST_API_design.md](http://www.openswitch.net/docs/REST_API_design.md)

For the current list of contributors and maintainers, refer to [AUTHORS.md](AUTHORS.md)

For general information about the OpenSwitch project, refer to [www.openswitch.net](http://www.openswitch.net)
